New PWA url handling content (#2179)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/handle-urls.md

---
title: Handle links to your Progressive Web Apps

> description: How links to your PWA can be handled by your app rather than the web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How links to your Progressive Web App (PWA) can be handled by your app rather than by the web browser.
```

author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.technology: pwa
ms.date: 09/15/2022
---
# Handle links to your Progressive Web Apps

> Native applications on many operating systems can handle links. They can request to be launched, instead of the web browser, when associated URLs are activated and doing so creates a more engaging experience for these applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Native applications on many operating systems can handle links. Native applications can request to be launched, instead of the web browser, when associated URLs are activated, to create a more engaging experience for these applications.
```
It was unclear to me whether 'they' meant links or native apps.

No code is required for automatic link handling to work, but end users can opt-out of automatic link handling. To opt-out of automatic link handling:

1. In Microsoft Edge, navigate to `edge://apps`.

1. Find the PWA you want to disable automatic link handling for and click **Details**.

1. On the PWA details page, under the **Link handling** section, click the toggle button.

![The edge://apps details page for the PWAmp music player app, showing where the link handling toggle button is](../media/link-handling-opt-out.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Handle links from other origins with scope extensions

The manifest of a PWA defines which part of the hosting domain the PWA is scoped to. For example, the `www.contoso.com` domain name may have a PWA defined under `www.contoso.com/app` with its scope set to `/app`. In this case, all the web pages available within the `www.contoso.com/app` path are part of the PWA scope. However the web pages within the `www.contoso.com/foo` path are not part of the PWA scope. Furthermore, web pages available at `bar.contoso.com/app` or `www.contoso.co.uk` are also not part of the PWA scope.

> Scope extensions make it possible for a PWA to capture navigation to paths, subdomains, or even sites other than its own scope. This can be useful for PWAs that span multiple domains for localization purposes for examples. E.g. a PWA may span `contoso.com`, `contoso.co.uk`, and `contoso.fr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scope extensions make it possible for a PWA to capture navigation to paths, subdomains, or even sites other than its own scope. This can be useful for PWAs that span multiple domains for localization purposes.  For example, a PWA may span `contoso.com`, `contoso.co.uk`, and `contoso.fr`.
```
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg

> **Note**: the scope extensions feature is in active development and not ready to be used yet. To find out more about the state of development of this feature in Chromium, check out the [Web app scope extensions feature at Chrome Platform Status](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5746537956114432).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The scope extensions feature is in active development and isn't ready to be used yet. To find out more about the state of development of this feature in Chromium, check out the [Web app scope extensions feature](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5746537956114432) at Chrome Platform Status.
```

> Once the feature can be used in Microsoft Edge, we will document it here. In the meantime, to learn more about how scope extensions will work, check out [the explainer document on the WICG repository](https://github.com/WICG/manifest-incubations/blob/gh-pages/scope_extensions-explainer.md).

Reviewer: "check out" is used two paragraphs in a row.  Consider changing one to "see".
